first off tell me where we are what's
going on today San Jose State you know
we believe verse dubs for athletes found
ask these first cancel with my
foundation and you know just to go way
to get back to
we got everybody you know the Warriors
basically have their host starting five
minus Monta and then we got Jay rich al
Harrington Gilbert Arenas Antoine
Jamison CJ Watson anthony Morrow like
Diago korma Getty so we got a lot of
people are just in love I have for the
bait you know they're the tremendous
support we have for the team that made
that you know run in 2007 and you know
it's my second home so anytime I come
back here for a reason like this is
great 2007 you know and when I was put
whilst playing for the Warriors other
where gave me tremendous support you
know help me get through a tough time
like that so another reason why so
important to have the getting back out
here it's always great to be back in the
bay this is home to me seeing all the
fans in the Golden State colors is
definitely great to be back here it
feels good I mean you can tell the
energy in here on a Bay Area fans gonna
say warrior fans coming out supporting
us and we spell put on a show for a good
cause and go have some fun tonight yeah
it's a unique experience I mean we have
the 07 we believe team that did a girl
out for the city you know that the
current gosh oh you do the same thing so
to kind of match everybody together how
some cars should be good big man you
know just you know get these guys there
come back here man and play against the
current team I think you do so we're
gonna have a lot of fun you know he's
got everybody know the history about
these guys so we're gonna go out there
and play hard I mean I'm hearing you go
to bank welcome me with open arms and I
love the babe it laying here in front
knees great fans so it's gonna be a lot
of fun tonight as much as my game so we
have to win ha you know the the veterans
are gonna definitely need say that but
short guys are gonna come and play hard
and hopefully have a good game and we
think we'll take it though yeah we all
dig out of young guys we got got the
spins so hopefully we could do it man
it's gonna be a lot of things off your
shooters tonight it's gonna be a lot of
fun you know just gotta wait to see man
we're gonna put a show on for the back
you want to thank all you